don't think I intended to borrow it or
anything I just wanted to see how I'd
feel in one of these things do you feel
very different I'll say well why don't
you wear it
do you mean oh why not you may as well
go to Perdition in ermine you're sure to
come back in rags well what right you
come find closed doors and refuse to see
people just painted in your outer office
because you broke an appointment with
her I'm sorry I didn't know that well as
long as you keep that door closed you'll
never know anything you're a producer
you ought to see people Terry I want to
give you this a girl gave it to me last
year on my opening night and it brought
me luck darling you're sweet I wish you
were going to be there to hold my hand
I'll be there
you